Fix `--system-site-packages` for `upgrade --install` (#1378)
pypa/pipx: changelog.d/1344.bugfix.md

> Make the --system-site-packages option actually work with upgrade --install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make the Python `venv` module arguments work with `upgrade --install`
```
